BCG written in dark green
Search Jobs

Early Careers

Life at BCG

Teams

Interviewing
Locations
Events
 Sign Up
 Saved Jobs (0)
-
Crack the Case banner
Crack The Case
 LocationCopenhagen, Denmark  CategoryProfessional development
Are you ready to leverage your analytical skills and creativity to drive societal change?

 

At BCG, we are dedicated to developing strategic solutions that impact our society and foster tangible improvements. Now, we are handing you the reins.

 

Introducing the latest edition of our Crack the Case competition, an annual case competition dedicated to solving Social Impact challenges.

 

At this case competition, you will have the chance to collaborate in teams of four-five people, tackling a real-world case from an organization committed to societal betterment. The culmination of your hard work will be a presentation of your solutions to a panel of judges on the competition's final day. The winning team will earn the extraordinary chance to share their insights and findings directly with the leadership team and board of the chosen case company.

 

In recognition of exceptional talent, a selected number of participants will be extended offers for a six-week paid internship with BCG Copenhagen. The timing of the potential internship will be accommodated to your studies.

Please note that the case competition is only open to students residing in Denmark.

 

Explore the competition further

 

During the three-day case competition, you will be coached by BCG consultants and provided with BCG tools and techniques to help you solve the case. In between all the hard work, we will have fun getting to know each other through dinners and team activities as well as finish off with a celebratory party on the last day! Crack the Case is a fantastic opportunity to ignite change, broaden your professional circle, and experience the life of a BCG Management Consultant firsthand.

 

Please note that during the three days, you will be staying at Nimb Hotel, and sharing a room with one other student participant from the event. Please note that you are applying as an individual team member, and it is not possible to apply as a team. BCG will create groups based on the selected participants.

 

How do I apply?

 

When applying for Crack the Case, you will need to enclose the following documents:

CV
University grades achieved until now
High School Transcripts
Cover letter (max. 1200 characters with space)
 

Application deadline: April 7, 2024




 

We strive to get back to all applicants with an answer regarding their application within two weeks after the application deadline.

 

We look forward to receiving your application! For additional information or queries, please reach out to Mathilde Lerche.

Event will start in
2
Days
14
Hours
41
Minutes
58
Seconds
 
Wednesday, May 1, 2024 , 12:00 PM (GMT+2) - Friday, May 3, 2024 , 10:00 PM (GMT+2)
Add to Calendar
 
locationJ. C. Jacobsens Gade 12, 1778 Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark
Share this Event
Share via twitterShare via LinkedInShare via FacebookShare via email
FOLLOW US 
 
 
 
 
 
Large BCG text with Boston Consulting Group written in black next to BCG.
© 2024 Boston Consulting Group  Careers Events Blog Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Settings Personal Data Request
Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws.

Pursuant to Transparency in Coverage final rules (85 FR 72158) set forth in the United States by The Departments of the Treasury, Labor, and Health and Human Services; access required Machine Readable Files, or access the Federal No Surprises Bill Act Disclosure.